hey guys what is up it is Michael from
lean body lifestyle we're back today in
the kitchen with another video and today
what we're going to do is actually make
one of the most requested videos ever
and that is an oven baked chicken
parmesan now this is really easy to make
and then at the end of the video I'm
going to do another t-shirt giveaway to
give thanks to you guys for watching all
these videos I really do appreciate it
every time you guys watch these so let's
go ahead and get started
so if you're making chicken parmesan
you're obviously going to need some
chicken breasts now on this plate I have
four chicken breasts and what we're
going to do is cut each one in half so
we have eight pieces and then after
you've cut them in half you can set them
on a baking sheet that I already have
right here with some aluminum foil on
top so now that we have the chicken cut
up and out of the way we're going to
make the breading so the first
ingredient that we're going to use for
the breading is a quarter of a cup of
Parmesan cheese and we're going to pour
that into a bowl and then we'll add 3/4
of a cup of whole wheat bread crumbs on
top of the parmesan and then take a fork
and mix the parmesan and the bread
crumbs together and as always you can
add any additional spices that you want
to your breading mixture but today I'm
going to keep it simple and just add in
some basil leaves next what you're going
to do is take two egg whites and crack
those into another bowl and now what
we're going to do is take one piece of
the chicken and take the egg white
mixture and just set the chicken and the
egg white mixture and really make sure
you coat the chicken in the egg white
because that is what allows for the
breading to stick to it so after you've
dipped it in the egg white you're gonna
take that right over to our bowl of
parmesan and breadcrumbs and coat each
piece of chicken one at a time and after
you're done coating your first piece go
ahead and repeat the process for the
remaining seven pieces of chicken so
after you're done coating the chicken
and you have any left over in the bowl
you can scrape that out and sprinkle
that on top of all the chicken and then
we'll fold our aluminum foil over the
top and we'll put our chicken in the
oven at 450 degrees Fahrenheit for 40
minutes so I'll see you guys when these
are done now
here we are 40 minutes later what we're
going to do is peel back the aluminum
foil and take some scissors and cut off
the extra part and then what we're going
to do is take 1 cup of spaghetti sauce
or marinara sauce and dump that on top
of the chicken then we'll take three
quarters of a cup of low-fat mozzarella
cheese and sprinkle that on top of the
chicken and the sauce now what we're
going to do is put these back into the
oven uncovered still at 450 degrees
Fahrenheit for 5 minutes or until the
cheese melts so I'll see you guys in a
couple minutes and now 5 minutes later
the cheese has melted so I'll put one of
these on a plate to give you guys a
better view at home and here's a better
look for you guys to see at home of this
oven baked chicken parmesan I added a
side of broccoli but if you wanted to
add maybe some pasta to make this more
like an Italian dinner feel free to do
that but the bottom line is this chicken
parmesan is gonna taste great so I hope
you guys try this one out and enjoy it
because it really does taste delicious
and now on to the giveaway all you have
to do is like the video and answer the
question what is your favorite junk food
or a cheat meal so if you have a favor
one that you like to indulge in every
once in a while let me know down below
in the comments and I'll pick someone
out send you a message and let you know
that you want the shirt but as always if
you guys enjoyed this video give it a
like and you can stop by Facebook and
Twitter links are down below in the
description thank you all again for
watching and I'll talk to you next time
but